README.md, before:

_sent_ is a simple plaintext presentation tool.

_sent_ does not need Latex, LibreOffice or any other fancy file format.
It uses plaintext files to describe the slides and can include images via farbfeld.
Every paragraph represents a slide in the presentation.

The presentation is displayed in a simple X11 window.
The content of each slide is automatically scaled to fit the window and centered,
so you also don't have to worry about alignment.
Instead you can really concentrate on the content.

### Dependencies

You need _Xlib_ and _Xft_ to build _sent_,
and the [farbfeld][0] tools installed to use images in your presentations.

### Demo

To get a little demo, just type

```bash
make && ./sent example
```

You can navigate with the arrow keys and quit with `q`.


### Usage

```bash
sent [FILE]
sent -h
sent -v
```

If `FILE` is omitted or equals `-`, `stdin` will be read.
Produce image slides by prepending a `@` in front of the filename as a single paragraph.
Lines starting with `#` will be ignored.
A `\` at the beginning of the line escapes `@` and `#`.

Press `g` (preferably while fullscreen) and sent will flip through all of your slides and save them as pdf.

A presentation file could look like this:

```sent
sent

@nyan.png

depends on
- Xlib
- Xft
- farbfeld

sent FILENAME
one slide per paragraph
# This is a comment and will not be part of the presentation
\# This and the next line start with backslashes

\@FILE.png

thanks / questions?
```

### Development

sent is developed at <http://tools.suckless.org/sent>


[0]: http://tools.suckless.org/farbfeld/

Commit message:

docs(readme): add `system wide installation` command
note: also add `hl` in navigation key and replace `bash` with `sh` for
command blocks.

README.md, after:

_sent_ is a simple plaintext presentation tool.

_sent_ does not need Latex, LibreOffice or any other fancy file format.
It uses plaintext files to describe the slides and can include images via farbfeld.
Every paragraph represents a slide in the presentation.

The presentation is displayed in a simple X11 window.
The content of each slide is automatically scaled to fit the window and centered,
so you also don't have to worry about alignment.
Instead you can really concentrate on the content.

### Dependencies

You need _Xlib_ and _Xft_ to build _sent_,
and the [farbfeld][0] tools installed to use images in your presentations.

### Demo

To get a little demo, just type

```sh
make && ./sent example
```

You can navigate with the arrow keys or `hl` and quit with `q`.

### System wide installation

```sh
sudo make install
```

### Usage

```sh
sent [FILE]
sent -h
sent -v
```

If `FILE` is omitted or equals `-`, `stdin` will be read.
Produce image slides by prepending a `@` in front of the filename as a single paragraph.
Lines starting with `#` will be ignored.
A `\` at the beginning of the line escapes `@` and `#`.

Press `g` (preferably while fullscreen) and sent will flip through all of your slides and save them as pdf.

A presentation file could look like this:

```sent
sent

@nyan.png

depends on
- Xlib
- Xft
- farbfeld

sent FILENAME
one slide per paragraph
# This is a comment and will not be part of the presentation
\# This and the next line start with backslashes

\@FILE.png

thanks / questions?
```

### Development

sent is developed at <http://tools.suckless.org/sent>


[0]: http://tools.suckless.org/farbfeld/
